add starboard v2 (#191)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: fun/starboard v2/readme.md

# Starboard v2

> 
> ## **What is this?**
> This is modified version of the existing starboard custom command in the /fun/ folder. Several large changes have been made and more setup is required, 
> this command now consists of two separate CC's that must be used simultaneously. The first command is the basic starboard, the second is a starboard channel listener. 
> All features of the original starboard custom command should remain intact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is version 2 of the starboard custom command. This package now consists of two custom commands, and a more elaborate setup is required. All features of the first version are also found in here.
```

> ## **Features added my me**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Features
```
